జన గణ మన అధినాయక జయహే,
భారత భాగ్య విధాతా!
పంజాబ, సింధు, గుజరాత, మరాఠా,
ద్రావిడ, ఉత్కళ, వంగ!
వింధ్య, హిమాచల, యమునా, గంగ,
ఉచ్చల జలధితరంగ!

తవ శుభనామే జాగే!
తవ శుభ ఆశిష మాగే!
గాహే తవ జయ గాథా!
జనగణ మంగళదాయక జయహే భారత భాగ్యవిధాతా!
జయహే! జయహే! జయహే! జయ జయ జయ జయహే
Jana-gana-mana-adhinayaka, jaya he

Bharata-bhagya-vidhata.

Punjab-Sindh-Gujarat-Maratha 

Dravida-Utkala-Banga

Vindhya-Himachala-Yamuna-Ganga 

Uchchala-Jaladhi-taranga.

Tava shubha name jage, 

Tava shubha asisa mage, 

Gahe tava jaya gatha, 

Jana-gana-mangala-dayaka jaya he 

Bharata-bhagya-vidhata.

Jaya he, jaya he, jaya he, Jaya jaya jaya, jaya he!

మా తెలుగు తల్లికి మల్లెపూదండ
మా కన్నతల్లికి మంగళారతులు,
కడుపులో బంగారు కనుచూపులో కరుణ,
చిరునవ్వులో సిరులు దొరలించు మాతల్లి.

గలగలా గోదారి కదలిపోతుంటేను
బిరాబిరా క్రిష్ణమ్మ పరుగులిడుతుంటేను
బంగారు పంటలే పండుతాయీ
మురిపాల ముత్యాలు దొరులుతాయి.

అమరావతి నగర అపురూప శిల్పాలు
త్యాగయ్య గొంతులో తారాడు నాదాలు
తిక్కయ్య కలములొ తియ్యందనాలు
నిత్యమై నిఖిలమై నిలచి వుండేదాకా

రుద్రమ్మ భుజశక్తి మల్లమ్మ పతిభక్తి
తిమ్మరసు ధీయుక్తి, కృష్ణరాయల కీర్తి
మా చెవులు రింగుమని మారుమ్రోగేదాక
నీపాటలే పాడుతాం, నీ ఆటలే ఆడుతాం
జై తెలుగు తల్లి, జై తెలుగు తల్లి

hello

Getting a mastery of Git requires being able to understand and manipulate uni-directional linked lists. I hope this explanation will get you thinking in the right direction about using Git
Getting a mastery of Git requires being able to understand and manipulate uni-directional linked lists. I hope this explanation will get you thinking in the right direction about using Git.

The isolation and sandbox capabilities of VMware Workstation Player make it the perfect tool to help you learn about operating systems, applications and how they work. Being able to run a server environment on a desktop PC also allows you to explore software and application development in a “real world” environment without interfering with the host desktop
o_clone $ git pull origin master
remote: Counting objects: 5, done.
remote: Total 3 (delta 0), reused 0 (delta 0)
Unpacking objects: 100% (3/3), done.
From /home/anshulgoyal/Desktop/test/test/repo
 * branch            master     -> FETCH_HEAD
   24d5b2e..1a1aa70  master     -> origin/master
Auto-merging file
CONFLICT (content): Merge conflict in file
Automatic merge failed; fix conflicts and then commit the result
